Notes for 2.0.0 [8529] (#144)
eProsima/Fast-RTPS-docs: docs/notes/notes.rst

> Version 2.0.0

Reviewer: The notes for the last version could already be in their own file which is then included here. If you do that, make sure to rename `previous_versions` directory to something like `versions`.

Author: I thought about that, but the title level is different for current and previous versions, so I left it this way.

Reviewer: Sure, is not a big deal to create the file afterwards anyways

=============

This release has the following **API breaks**:

* eClock API, which was deprecated on v1.9.1, has been removed
* `eprosima::fastrtps::rtps::RTPSDomain::createParticipant` methods now have an additional first argument `domain_id`

> * Field `domainId` has been removed from `eprosima::fastrtps::rtps::RTPSParticipantAttributes` and added to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Data member `domainId` has been removed from `eprosima::fastrtps::rtps::RTPSParticipantAttributes` and added to
```

  `eprosima::fastrtps::ParticipantAttributes`

Users should also be aware of the following **deprecation announcement**:

* All classes inside the namespace `eprosima::fastrtps` should be considered deprecated.
  Equivalent functionality is offered through namespace `eprosima::fastdds`.
* Namespaces beneath `eprosima::fastrtps` are not included in this deprecation, i.e.
  `eprosima::fastrtps::rtps` can still be used)

This release adds the following **features**:

* Added support for register/unregister/dispose instance

> * All the functionality offered by the classes in the Fast RTPS API can now be performed
>   by equivalent DDS compliant APIs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added DDS compliant API. This new API exposes all the functionality of the Publisher-Subscriber Fast RTPS API adhering to the `Data Distribution Service (DDS) version 1.4 specification <https://www.omg.org/spec/DDS/1.4>`_
```

* Added Security Logging Plugin (contributed by Cannonical Ltd.)
* Bump to FastCDR v1.0.14

It also includes the following bug fixes and improvements:

* Support for OpenSSL 1.1.1d and higher
* Support for latest versions of gtest
* Support for FreeBSD
* Fault tolerance improvements to Shared Memory transport
* Fixed segfault when no network interfaces are detected

> * Correctly ignoring length of PID_SENTINEL on parameter list

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Correctly ignoring length of `PID_SENTINEL` on parameter list
```

Previous versions

> -----------------

Reviewer: I'd put this title at the same level as the last version, i.e. `=====`. As it is now, on the toc tree, the "previous versions" section is placed inside the 2.0.0 version, it looks strange to me.
